{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 OpenSans;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red11\green87\blue42;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c40784\c21569;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\csgray\c100000;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\parhyphenfactor20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs52 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Core Concepts for iOS Transition\cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\parhyphenfactor20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf0 \cb3 \
When you call 
\f0\fs28 \cf2 present(_:animated:completion:)
\f1\fs32 \cf0 , iOS does two things.\cb4 \
\cb3 First, it instantiates a 
\f0\fs28 \cf2 UIPresentationController
\f1\fs32 \cf0 . Second, it attaches the presented view controller to itself then presents it using one of the built-in modal presentation styles.\cb4 \
\cb3 You have the power to override this mechanism and provide your own 
\f0\fs28 \cf2 UIPresentationController
\f1\fs32 \cf0  subclass for a custom presentation.\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\parhyphenfactor20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\parhyphenfactor20\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	} \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The presented view controller has a 
\b \cf2 transitioning delegate
\b0 \cf0  that\'92s responsible for loading the 
\f0\fs28 \cf2 UIPresentationController
\f1\fs32 \cf0  and the presentation/dismissal animation controllers. That delegate is an object that conforms to 
\f0\fs28 \cf2 UIViewControllerTransitioningDelegate
\f1\fs32 \cf0 .\cb4 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The 
\f0\fs28 \cf2 UIPresentationController
\f1\fs32 \cf0  subclass is an object that has many presentation-customizing methods, as you\'92ll see later in the tutorial.\cb4 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The 
\b \cf2 animation controller
\b0 \cf0  object is responsible for the presentation and dismissal animations. It conforms to 
\f0\fs28 \cf2 UIViewControllerAnimatedTransitioning
\f1\fs32 \cf0 . Note that some use cases warrant two controllers: one for presentation and one for dismissal.\cb4 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A presentation controller\'92s delegate tells the presentation controller what to do when its trait collection changes. For the sake of adaptivity, the delegate must be an object that conforms to 
\f0\fs28 \cf2 UIAdaptivePresentationControllerDelegate
\f1\fs32 \cf0 .\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\parhyphenfactor20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Taken from: https://www.raywenderlich.com/139277/uipresentationcontroller-tutorial-getting-started\
}